---
layout: post
title:  "Mackenzie"
date:   2018-04-06 17:56:40 -0400
categories: jekyll update
excerpt: "Everything is suddenly nothing, as my mind swims into a void of serene darkness."
hero-image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1509566571888-9075f0776547?ixlib=rb-0.3.5&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=1080&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjExNzczfQ&s=80c187314bc953882b14e0a51d1c9850
status: draft
author: tristan

---

I don’t really like the way my hair is sitting today. It’s messy and falling
into my eyes, making me look more disorganized than I really am. I’m looking at
the mirror and wishing I did something more interesting with my hair. I think I
am just getting paranoid because looking at myself now I can only just keep
picturing the infinite thoughts that will run through Mackenzie’s head when they
look at me. They will probably wonder what happened in the past two weeks that
have brought me to my current appearance. I got really busy with school and had
my sibling’s wedding, so it’s been a while since our last date. I need to leave
the house soon, but I keep overthinking this hair. I also don’t like this
sweater I am wearing, its sitting too loose over my shoulders, already making my
small frame practically disappear. I’m not going to make it out of the house if
I don’t stop looking at myself. Anyways I rather be looking at Mackenzie, take
my mind off myself. I swear I am not narcissist, I just want to be able to
anticipate what Mackenzie will think about how I look today.

I arrive at the coffee shop and I’m already anticipating a comment about my
hair. “Well this is different” or “Your bangs are longer” and maybe Mackenzie
will ruffle my hair as if I was a toddler whose parents were distractedly trying
to show affection.

Mackenzie is sitting at a table by the window, already drinking a latte and
gazing out the window. I open the door to the café and watch as they turn their
head with the jingle of the door chimes; I melt into my sweater as their eyes
meet mine and the murmur of conversations fades into the background noise of
their gaze. Suddenly, they stand and break the eye contact, taking three great
strides towards me and enveloping me in a hug that makes my sweater suddenly
feel small. I missed this.

After coffee, we agree to visit a cute shop that sells plush cat toys across the
street; Mackenzie knows I love cats. As we leave the restaurant and begin to
cross the street, I suddenly hear a cacophony of screeching tires and a
wrenching yell from behind me. Everything is suddenly nothing, as my mind swims
into a void of serene darkness.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

My eyes flutter. Ephemeral white noise drifts around my consciousness and
surrounds me, slowly congealing as my eyes open wider. I see the lights, the
reds and whites and blues; the sterile chrome and white sheets, white curtains,
white nurse. The nurse opens and closes their mouth, and suddenly sounds explode
in my head like the crashing of a waterfall.

It takes me a few moments before I can make sense of the sensation.

“Do. You. Know. What. Happened?” I hear and recognize that the sound is
emanating from the facsimile of a human that is my caregiver.

“There was a sound, and a yell…” I stammer as I rack my brain for a memory of
how I ended up here. Suddenly, I remember.

“Where’s Mackenzie!?” My eyes are wide in shock as the memory of the accident
slams painfully into the forefront of my mind. Thoughts race around the highways
of my mind as I search for a recollection of where my date might be.

The nurse looks at me with a concerned look and simply responds, that they are
not in the hospital. Moving briskly onwards, they ask for my identity card. They
have already scanned my body and prescribed the medication I needed to get
better. They load the data onto my identity card and, noticing that I am able to
move and stand, help me to get up and put my clothes back on.

As I briskly walk out of the facility my phone beeps to life, and I immediately
call Mackenzie; where ARE  they?!

I approach the dispensary as the call resolves into a voice and see them on the
other side of the room. We make eye contact for what feels like the second time
in just 24 hours, but this time it is relief that sores through me.

Suddenly they are next to me, arms again engulfing me, the dispensary machine
beeping angrily at being ignored. An eternity passes in an instant and Mackenzie
pulls away from me, gazing at me and my stained clothes with concern on their
face.

I blush at the gaze, and turn to put my card in the machine. It whirs as the
medication is prepared and dispensed into the classic orange child-proof bottle.
I always have such trouble with those, I think as Mackenzie turns me back
around.

“Your bangs are longer” they say with a grin."
